The Joe Rogan experience.
The problem is those preppers.
They're just a little too paranoid and they it up for everybody else. Yeah.
<laugh>.
You know what I'm saying? That's why you can't buy bullets right now.
You can't buy bullets right now.
I need people need to know this people out there that don't own guns.
First of all, gun ownership, radically priest in 2020, correct.
And gun purchases went up and then bullet purchases
went up and.
And they're hoarding. 'em all. I mean, they can't even make 'em fast enough.
I mean, you're talking to a guy who got shot in 92. I how'd. You shot ah,
carjacking. Uh, yeah. I was a police officer, officer.
Where'd you show me an arm came in, uh,
back here on my shoulder and came out down here.
You were a police officer back then.
Dude.
I was a police officer firefighter and paramedic before I was old enough to
drink. That's crazy. Little bit of an overachiever.
Wow. That's CRA how you get involved in that? How old were you when you joined.
The force? Uh, I went in the police academy in 18.
Yeah. You could be a cop at, uh.
I got my certification when I was 19.
That is crazy. When did you, when were you on the force pulling people over?
Uh, late 19. That.
Is so.
Crazy. Yeah. I spent some time in, uh,
a little suburb of Dallas called Alvarado and then I ended up at the Tarran
county constable's office. Uh,
and then I ended up getting hired on a city up there at Capel and, uh,
spent, uh, they put me through the fire academy and, uh, uh, medic school.
And so that's what I did until I was like 27 ish, 26.
So how old were you when.
You got shot? 92. So I guess I was 22.
So you were 22 and you were stopping a car.
Jacking? No, I was actually had been out that night, uh,
with a buddy of mine and, uh, he got lucky, went home with some chick,
so I did not, I was going, uh,
through the water burger drive through and <laugh> couple guys came up and, uh,
got me from behind. Wow.
Yeah. What kind of car?
65 Mustang? Uh, fast by gold on gold.
It was a nice car. Nice car.
Yeah, the fr so you had good taste even back then? Yeah. Yeah.
I was always flipping and buying cars all through, uh, school.
As a matter of fact, I graduated high school.
I started high my driver's license when I was 16,
with a $250 76 Impala
and, uh, finished high school, you know, two and a half years later,
two years later with a, uh,
bandit trans am <laugh> four speed T top, uh,
red on black with, uh, the big gold.
Bird catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.